Add stacks api (#2463)
dotnet/dotnet-monitor: documentation/api/stacks.md

# Stacks - Get

> Captures the callstack of currently running process. Note that only managed frames are collected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Captures the call stacks of currently running process. Note that only managed frames are collected.
```

| 202 Accepted | | When an egress provider is specified, the Location header containers the URI of the operation for querying the egress status. | |
| 400 Bad Request | [ValidationProblemDetails](definitions.md#validationproblemdetails) | An error occurred due to invalid input. The response body describes the specific problem(s). | `application/problem+json` |
| 401 Unauthorized | | Authentication is required to complete the request. See [Authentication](./../authentication.md) for further information. | |
| 429 Too Many Requests | | There are too many stack requests at this time. Try to request a stack at a later time. | `application/problem+json` |

## Examples

### Sample Request

```http
GET /stack?pid=21632 HTTP/1.1
Host: localhost:52323
Authorization: Bearer fffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff=
Accept: application/json
```

### Sample Response

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Type: application/json

{
    "threadId": 30860,
    "frames": [
        {
            "methodName": "GetQueuedCompletionStatus",
            "className": "Interop\u002BKernel32",
            "moduleName": "System.Private.CoreLib.dll",

>             "offset": 140731066057736

Reviewer: Please remove "offset" field from examples
